Listen, the church was never designed to
live without power. We were designed to
live with the power of God and the
mantle of God and the glory of God and
the anointing. How many don't I don't
want to do this kingdom thing without
God's power with us. Can I get an amen?
Come on. The Bible says, "You shall
receive power after that the Holy Spirit
has come upon you to be my witnesses in
Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, and to the
uttermost parts of the earth." Turn to
your neighbor and tell him, "I have
power." Amen. Just tell him that. And
there's this this mantle thing that God
wants to put on your life where you
operate in it and you move in it and
supernaturally you flow in it. Uh Jesse
and I, we've been doing church. We we
launched our first church over 20 years
ago. 04 I was the ripe old age of 26
years old. She was 23. And we decided we
were going to pioneer a church. And we
started preaching in a heavy metal venue
is where my first church plant was. And
it was not a Christian metal venue. All
right? It was a secular metal venue, but
it was owned by some Christians. And
what they would do is whenever the bands
would change, they would let me get up
on stage and preach to this heavy metal
crowd. And I'd get up there as they're
changing out the bands and I'd be like,
"Jesus loves you." And guys would scream
out OF THE CROWD, "I hate you." AND I'M
LIKE, "I HATE YOU, TOO, but Jesus loves
you. And if you'll repent and call on
his name, you'll be saved." Amen. Now,
I'd be like preaching. People would be
like, "Go to hell." And I'm like, "Yeah,
you're going to hell, but if you repent,
you can go to heaven and Jesus is going
to turn your life around." And that
bunch of rag tag punk metal kids started
getting born again and filled with the
spirit. Come on. And they became my
church launch team. Hey.
So, so we needed a church and and what
did we do? Uh, we found an old broken
down bar building downtown cuz I love
the idea of taking a tavern and making
it a tabernacle for the glory and the
power and the anointing of God. Can I
get an amen out there? So, we went in,
we took this building, it was Club 101.
The owner got busted dealing X and Coke
out of it. And we thought, man, that'll
make the greatest church ever. And so we
renovated it and we turned that bar into
a church house. And I'm telling you, the
glory of God came in there and people
got saved and it was just it was inc it
was an incredible time in our lives. Uh
our building was kind of old and and
messed up and it was weird uh in this
way is that um there were bats in our
building and what I found is that bats
hurt church growth. All right, bats are
not a good thing in your building for
church growth. So, you hit a certain key
on the keyboard and bats would come down
out of some of the upper floors. They
would come into the sanctuary and it was
very hard to retain firsttime visitors
whenever the bats would show up. So, we
had bats and we had rats. Uh there was
rats right down the way from our church.
There was Owensboro Grain. This was in
Owensboro, Kentucky. I pastor churches.
We have Owensboro, Kentucky, Henderson,
Kentucky, and then I have a location in
Texas as well. I pastor lived most of my
time in Amarillo. Right next to our
Owensboro location, there was Owensboro
grain. And so the rats would eat the
grain next door. And these weren't
normal rats. These were cornfed rats
with an endless supply of food. And they
would find their way into the church
house. And we used to give mints to
visitors as they came through the door.
You know, you came to church, you get a
mint. One Sunday morning, we walk in to
the church house and this rat had gotten
to our mints. And he's standing up on
his back legs eating the mints whenever
we come in. And I'm telling you what,
that rat had the freshest breath in the
city that morning and was the greatest
usher. Uh we had rats, we had bats, we
had there was homeless guys that would
break into the building and live there.
So I would come in and I could always
find their clothes and stuff, but I
could never find the homeless guys.
Thank God, you know, cuz it was it was a
little nerve-wracking. But but God
touched that church early on. There was
an enthusiasm. There was a movement by
the power of God. There really was a
mantle to do something in that city. You
know what we need to have? This church
is going to grow. How many y'all want to
see this church double just like the
word of the Lord says? Come on. Come on.
How many of y'all really want to see
this church double?
>> Hey, do y'all believe it out THERE THAT
GOD COULD DOUBLE THIS CHURCH IN 26?
Do you receive it?
>> You know, you know what it's going to
take to double this church? It's going
to take joy and it's going to take
enthusiasm.
I said it's going to take joy and it's
going to take enthusiasm. And I feel
both of them in the room tonight. The
elements are here. The word of God's
here. Faith is here. There's an
atmosphere of worship. Man, you got one
of the finest teachers in the body of
Christ leading this church. I promise
you, finest teacher. Now, I I see it in
the spirit. I believe he is my
generation's teacher, like the master
teacher. We have prophets. We have
apostles. He He's got these things on
his life, the bishop thing. But there's
a there's a national and international
teaching gift. It's been placed in this
house and it's here to rightly divide
the word of of truth not just for this
congregation but throughout the airwaves
and around the world and as a governing
man mantle to the body of Christ. And I
even see it now like like there's a
greater expansion bishop uh for
television and even more for internet
and even a greater gas is coming upon
the things that have already begun says
God. He's come to impart a newness in
that area and those things are going to
help fuel this house. It's going to be
powerful. It's going to be potent. It's
going to be it's going to be awesome.
And uh growth is coming and it's here.
And I've hung my hat on this message
throughout the years. Matthew 16:8,
Jesus said these words. He said, "I will
build my church and the gates of hell
will not prevail against it." Come on.
How many believe Jesus is building his
church out there? Come on. Jesus, if
he's building his church, he's building
your life because you are his church.
And whenever he builds you, he's
building his church. Amen.
>> Jesus took his disciples up to a place
called Cesari Philippi. It's in northern
Israel. I was just there a couple of
months ago up there. They call it the
gates of hell, literally. And it's a
place of pagan worship back during the
days of Jesus. Was crazy what it used to
look like and feel like up there.
There's a massive cave in Cesar
Philippi. And it used to be, it still
is, but used to, it was the exact
fountain head of the Jordan River. So
the Jordan River would flow out of this
massive cave. And it's ominous. It's
this eerie looking cave. It's in the
bottom of this massive rock wall. It is
my favorite place on the earth. To be
honest, my favorite places on the earth
are are the gates of hell. My mother's
backyard I was raised in. I was raised
on a farm in Kentucky and Maui, Hawaii,
because you can't go wrong in Maui. Can
I get an amen? Right? Who doesn't want
to go? People call me to preach in
Nebraska. I'm like, I'll pray about it.
When they call me to preach in Maui, I'm
like, the Lord said yes. I'm on my way
right now. Amen. So, so the gates of
hell, here's what happens with the gates
of hell. Jesus um he he he takes his
disciples up there. No Jew would go up
there. No observant, God-honoring Jew
would go up there during the days of
Jesus because it was a place of false
worship. All right. At the gates of
hell, there's this mystical looking uh
mouth. There's where the river comes
out. The pagans around there believed
that the spirits would go down through
the gates of hell and they would go into
Hades and that's why winter would show
up. Then they would come back up out of
the gates of hell and that the the false
spirits would bring life to the land
again. They taught that because of that
they worshiped three gods up there. They
worshiped Pan, half goat, half man, the
god of panic that would play the flute
and panic would hit the world. Alexander
the Great brought that worship there to
this place. As a matter of fact, it's
called banas there instead of panas
after pan because the locals couldn't
pronounce the p and it came out as a b.
So it's called banas. So there was
detestable worship up there. Half goat,
half man. You can only imagine what went
on there. Then there was another type of
worship. And how many y'all know the god
of this world, the god of fear does not
get the best of the church. Come on.
That god that brings panic into your
life. He is a liar. The devil is a liar.
We don't give ourselves to a spirit of
fear, but of power and of love and of a
sound mind. Come on, give God the
highest praise. Fear is leaving your
life. Pan is defeated.
God showing up. Can I get an amen?
>> There was pan worship up there. There
was Zeus worship up there. Detestable
worship. There's an altar to Zeus where
the pagans would worship up there and
and do this kind of stuff up there. And
man, just terrible. There was also an
altar to Caesar up there, an altar to
political power. How many know
government always wants to be our God,
don't they? They always want to take
over and tell you what you can and
cannot do. I happen to believe that
politicians don't tell prophets what to
do. I believe that prophets tell
politicians what to do. That we make the
rules because we prophesy in the name of
the Lord. Can I get an amen?
>> In the midst of all that false worship,
Jesus took his disciples up there.
That's where he asked him right there by
this detestable thing. He said, 'Who do
you say that I am? First he said, 'Who
do they say? Who do the people say? What
do they say I am? They said, 'Well, some
say you're John the Baptist. Some say
you're Elijah. Others say you're one of
the other prophets. And he stopped and
he said, "No, no, no. Then but who do
you say that I am?" Peter speaks up
because Peter can't shut up. I got some
friends like Peter and I kind of am like
Peter. Y'all are my people. You people
that can't shut up, we're on the same
team. Amen. And uh here's what here's
what he said. He says, "Who who do you
say that I am?" Peter said, "Uh, I
believe you're the Christ. I believe
you're the son of the living God." Now,
we think in today's culture, if you say
Jesus, Christ is his last name, right?
I'm Brian Gibson. He's Jesus Christ. Uh,
it's the way it was. But if you said
Christ 2,000 years ago when there were
Jews around, it meant something totally
different. What you were declaring is
that the fulfillment of all the
prophecies from Genesis to Malachi at
that time had just showed up and that
the savior of Israel was in in your
presence. He said, "You're the Christ."
Whenever he said that, I believe you
could have heard a you could have heard
a pin drop hit the ground. Everybody
gets quiet. Nobody knows what to do.
Nobody knows what to say. Peter just
said he's the Christ. They're all
waiting to see if he's the Messiah.
They've watched him work miracles.
They've watched him give words of
knowledge. They've watched him multiply
stuff. They're all waiting for his
declaration that he would be Messiah so
they could take over Rome, kick their
butts out of the nation and take Israel
back to their glorious days. So they
want to see, are you going to are you
going to pull the trigger, Jesus? And he
stops and he answers and he says, "Yeah,
I am the Christ." He said, "Blessed are
you, Simon, son of Jonah, for flesh and
blood has not revealed this unto you,
but my father who is in heaven. Now I
say unto you, your name is Peter, and
upon this rock I will build my church."
Come on, somebody. and the church gates
of hell shall not prevail against it. I
got good news. Hell cannot prevail
against your life. Hell cannot prevail
against your marriage. Hell cannot
prevail against YOUR CHILDREN AND HELL
CANNOT PREVAIL AGAINST THIS CHURCH.
Jesus says, "I WILL BUILD MY CHURCH AND
THE GATES OF HELL WILL NOT PREVAIL
AGAINST IT." COME ON, CHURCH. You are
tougher than hell. GIVE GOD SOME GLORY
IF you believe it out there.
There's a yoke on you
to destroy burdens. Somebody say, "I'm
tougher in hell." Just say that tonight.
I'm tougher. It's a Bible truth that you
are. And um I remember years ago, right,
Jesse and I, we were starting that
little church and thank God, God's
blessed it now. But when you got a
little church, you've just started out,
you got a little bitty budget. How many
y'all have ever lived in a little bitty
budget days, right? So, man, I I spent
all my money to renovate that bar to
turn it into a church. And I didn't have
money to buy a sign to put outside on
the church. And so, finally, somebody
gave some money and we bought this
banner. All right? And I had a little
bitty banner cuz I had a little bitty uh
budget. Had my old broke down bar
church. And I got out there on a ladder
one day and I was trying to hang the
sign up. And I'm like the least
mechanical and the least good with my
hands man in the world. I'm terrible. I
just am terrible at it. Uh, I used to do
church projects like building stuff to
make it cheap. All the men would get in
there and help. And we still do that.
And I would walk around and act like I
know how to fix something just to keep
other men working, right? So, I'd put on
like a tool belt and I'd have a hammer
like a prop. I'd walk around every now
and I' bang on something. You know what
I mean? Look like I'm look like I'm
doing something, keep the other men
working that knew what they were doing.
And uh, I got up there, tried to hang
this banner, and my banner's kind of
messed up. And we get it up there. And I
leave. I come back the next day. Here,
here's what happens. The city does this
campaign called discover downtown. And
they got a big budget cuz they're the
city. And I got a little budget cuz I'm
the church. And they bought this massive
banner and they hung it on a light pole
right in front of my church. AND IT
TOTALLY BLOCKED MY LITTLE church banner.
Couldn't even tell it was a church
anymore. Now, I was driving downtown and
I saw it and uh I'm not going to tell
you what I thought in my heart cuz come
on. Uh God have grace on cussers,
speeders, and sinners in Jesus mighty
name. Right? When I I saw that banner,
I'm looking up at it. I want to cuss and
make a preacher want to cuss. And and
and I didn't pray that God would move
that banner. I didn't prophesy or speak
against it, anything like that. I just
thought in my heart, I thought, man, I
wish THAT BANNER WAS OUT OF MY WAY. IT'S
BLOCKING out what God's doing. And I
pulled around to the back of the church
house. I parked my truck. I walked
through the truck and there were a
couple boys in there and they were like
staining the the floors, the deck in
there. We were doing some work and all
of a sudden I go to the back to my
office and I'm seated in my office and
then all of a sudden there's a big crash
out in front of the church house and I
go running out to hear what it is. SO I
RUN OUT THERE AND the guys standing the
the deck come running back to me.
They're all freaked out looking. They
looked at me and they said, "Pastor,
pastor, you're never going to believe
what just happened." I said, "What just
happened, boys?" They said some guy in a
U-Haul just came barreling down Second
Street like 50 m an hour. They ran up on
the corner, lost control of the car.
They hit that sign out front with the
discover downtown BANNER ON IT AND THEY
KNOCKED THE LIGHT POLE RIGHT DOWN IN
FRONT OF THE CHURCH. COME ON, SOMEBODY.
AND GOD KNOCKED THAT BANNER DOWN. HEY, I
go I go running outside. I run out. That
banner's laid down. I just thought about
it a few seconds ago, you know, and
there it is knocked down like like I
asked God to do. I'm looking at it and
God spoke to me and he said, "I'll move
heaven and earth for my church."
>> Come on. Come on. I prophesy that God is
moving heaven. Come on. I prophesy that
God is moving heaven. I SAID GOD IS
MOVING HEAVEN. God is moving heaven AND
GOD IS MOVING EARTH.
>> How many y'all believe God will do it
>> for his church? God's in the moving
obstacles business. I've watched him do
it so many times. You got an obstacle,
God's got a way of moving it. You got a
problem, God's got an answer. Come on.
You got a sickness, God has a cure from
Calvar's cross. It's already been bought
and paid for for you. YOU GOT LACK. I'M
TELLING YOU WHAT, GOD HAS PROSPERITY.
HEY, YOU HAVE A NEED, GOD SAYS, I I'll
supply all of your needs according to my
riches and glory by Christ Jesus. God's
moving heaven and earth for the church.
You know, Jesse and I, we we've been
blessed to lead the church forever. I
love the church of the Lord Jesus
Christ. And I love I love all the
different flows, too. I'm not mean to
church folk. How many How many people
were raised Baptist out there? I was I
was raised in a Anybody raised in
Baptist church? I was raised in a
Baptist church. Y'all know the drill.
We're going to sing Just as I am like
for 30 minutes at the end of this
message and see if you come down. How
many y'all were raised Catholics? Any
Catholics out there? Peace to you. Amen.
And also also to you. How many y'all
were raised in uh like holy mackerel
tabernacle Pentecostal church. How many
How many Pentecostal charismatics have I
got out there? I got some of y'all. You
know, I I've been like I like some of
the high church guys. I got some
Orthodox friends and stuff like that. Um
I love the church and Jesus loves the
church. What I said Jesus loves the
church.
>> Come on. How many y'all believe Jesus
really loves his church? He loves his
body.
>> He's wanting to pour out his spirit. You
know, I I've loved the church and I've
served the church and uh you know,
church is wonderful and church is
beautiful. Church is also brutal at
times.
And I'm not one of these people that
feeds church hurt talk. You know, these
guys are always talking about church
hurt, church hurt, church hurt. You ever
hear anybody talk about I'm bar hurt? I
got hurt in a bar
and I'll never go back to happy hour
again cuz I got hurt in a bar.
You know, guys that used to wrestle, I
got hurt in a wrestling ring. And now
every time I see a doll of Hulk Hogan, I
just break down and cry.
Nobody ever was like wrestling hurt.
Nobody's bar hurt. Why are they church
hurt? Because the devil knows that I
will build my church and the gates of
hell will not prevail against it. And so
he's trying to separate you from the
flock you've been called from. But come
on, church. WE ARE SMARTER THAN THAT. We
are tougher than that. We are more
forgiving than that. We are more
gracious than that. We're going to stay
with the house of God. Can I get an
amen?
>> I went through a a season uh a few years
ago. Pretty rough season. And uh I'm one
of these guys whenever they lock the
churches down about five years ago. I'm
kind of one of these guys that doesn't
think the government can tell the church
to stop worshiping Jesus whenever they
feel like it. How many y'all believe we
got this thing called the First
Amendment in America? This is not Iran.
This is not China. This is not North
Korea. Can I get an amen out there? Come
on. THIS IS AMERICA AND I'M NOT SHUTTING
DOWN THE church till Jesus himself comes
and takes us out of here and shuts it
down. Amen. I tell people I don't care
what comes. We're coming to church. I
don't care if you got a roll in there
with boils on your body cuz they cook
something up. Woohen. I'm coming to
church in Jesus name. Amen. And I'm not
believing for that. I'm just saying I'm
committed. And uh we we we shut down for
a couple of weeks during COVID and then
we're like we're not supposed to do
this. We have a call on our life. I had
a friend that called me first day,
right, that the world was shut down.
We're friends and we're both pretty
radical. And he called and he said,
"Pastor, what they're doing right now is
not just a disease." Day one, he tells
me this. He says, "This is an
authoritarian takeover of the earth."
Day one, we all know it now, but how
many know on day one that's pretty good.
He said, this is what he said. He said,
"You got to go to the pullpit on Sunday
and tell the world." And I'm like,
"Okay, I think you're right, but I got
to have some receipts before I do that
on day one." Can I get an amen out there
as a pastor? People going to think I'm
an idiot, right? Unless I can prove it.
It took me about a couple of weeks to
figure out this was a lie. And we said,
"Here's what we're going to do. We're
going to have a national back to church
Sunday. We're going to call every church
in America. If we can get the churches
to open up, the business leaders will
take heart and they'll open up. and then
other people will open up and we can get
this country back where it's supposed to
be before America gets knocked off of
where it's called to be in the world's
ladder. Can I get an amen? We put
together a call center and all day long
we called every pastor in America.
People told us we're crazy. People told
us we're going to kill grandma. People
told us that I'm a lunatic and all that
stuff. And I said that may be right, but
we're going to have church because we
have a first amendment right in America.
And pastor, you ought to play the man of
God. Open up your church and not be
afraid again and day in your life. Come
on. We are the healing people.
And
>> so we did that and uh on one day 5,000
churches opened up with us from New York
to LA.
>> Come on. COME ON. THOSE PASTORS TOOK
HEART. Those leaders did it. We said,
"We're not going to do this anymore."
And I woke up one morning like on
national news. I I went to sleep and uh
you know, I I'd stood against the
governor in Kentucky who is a communist,
but I stood against him. uh said, "We're
going to church. I don't care if you
want to do something. Come and take it.
Come and arrest me because I'm gonna be
there and I'm gonna pray and we're going
to take communion. I'm gonna touch
people's eyeballs in the name of Jesus.
That's what I'm going to do. Come and
get me if you got to come get me." And
so the press came and wrote one positive
article about us. All right? Only
positive article the press has ever
written about me in my life. One time,
which is pretty good for a guy like me.
And they said, "Gibson's not crazy. He
just wants his religious rights
respected."
And I went to bed. I thought that was
nice. I mean, know the media typically
doesn't do that kind of thing for a
conservative preacher. So, I was
shocked. I went to bed next day. I get a
call about 4:30 in the morning and I I
think somebody's dead. So, I pick up the
phone, I answer it, and they're like,
"Pastor, pastor, you're not going to
believe this. You're on TV." And I say,
"Okay, I'm on what what I'm on." He
said, "You're on Fox." I said, "Local
Fox?" He said, "No, ma'am. You're on
national Fox right now preaching." And I
hop up and I turn on Fox News and
there's this beautiful blue-eyed
magnificent creature right there, very
sweaty. And he's on there preaching the
word of God. And I'm not going to I
looked up and I'm like, "Holy moly, here
we go." So, I became one of the first
voices against the lockdowns. And it was
awesome. I mean, I I'm like, you know,
we we we did a lot. And uh on every kind
of news outlet, every kind of thing, God
was using us. But anytime you're used
like that in the center of a real move,
there's always a counter move from the
enemy.
And there's a price that's paid for
standing up publicly. As a young man,
and even before that, I didn't
understand what I was getting myself
into. Now, I know cuz when you strike
powers like that, they strike back. They
don't just come at you one way. They
come at you financially. They come at
you legally. They come at you
religiously. They come at you through
through children. They come at you any
way they can get to you. And I'd been
riding that and fighting that. Um, we
had a season that was just hell on
earth. I I'll say it like this. We had
1,400 death threats in one week. People
breaking into my house, threatening to
kill my family. Almost had two
full-fledged gunfights with like Antifa
types. Uh, sheriffs showing up, hauling
people off of my property. Address
doxed. People sending death threats to
our church. people taking their time to
like cut out like, you know, old serial
killer letters where they would cut it
out of magazines and stuff. I'm kind of
flattered that they wanted me to die so
bad they took the time to cut out death
threats like that and mail them to my
house. If you've never got a letter like
that, I I encourage you. It's It really
is flattering. I'm like, "Thank you so
much, Hannibal Lectar, for wanting me to
die so bad. You made me your preschool
art project. I'm flattered right now."
Right. So So like life is tough. Well,
actually, they were talking about
killing Jesse, not me. So, I I really
wasn't that concerned. It was her, not
me. All right. Uh, I'm playing love. Uh,
it just life came after us, and I got a
little mad. I got jaded in a way cuz a
lot of church folk, I didn't feel like
they were with me like they should have
been. And I got a little bit of an
Elijah complex. You ever heard about
Elijah where he's like, there's nobody
else left. It's just us. And he's up in
a cave feeling sorry for himself. And
what God said to him is like, listen, I
you got I got thousands of people that
hadn't worshiped by all. You're not
alone. Come on. How many you know,
church, there's more with us than there
ever are with the cam of our enemy. We
are not alone. Come on, somebody give
God a hand clap. We're not alone.
And my wife Jesse, she started praying
for me cuz I was doing what I was doing,
but I was faithing it, right? Maybe my
heart just was far away, but come on.
Sometimes you faith it till you make it.
Can I get an amen? Not giving up, not
tapping out. Just we're gonna walk
through this. We're gonna do what we're
supposed to do because it's right. And I
was doing the best I could. And she
started praying for revival. We'd had
success in church, but we'd never had a
revival that somebody would write a book
about that you read about, like Isuza or
the Charismatic Renewal or like the
Welsh revival or like the first or
second Great Awakening. How many WANT TO
SEE SOMETHING LIKE THAT IN CHURCH? HOW
MANY Y'ALL WANT to live through the
stories you used to read about? I don't
just want to hear about it. COME ON,
SOMEBODY. I'M GOING to leave it. I'm
going to LIVE IT. NOW I DECLARE REVIVAL
ISN'T COMING. COME ON. I SAID REVIVAL
ISN'T COMING. I SAID REVIVAL ISN'T
COMING. I SAID REVIVAL ISN'T COMING.
REVIVAL ISN'T COMING. COME ON, CHURCH.
IT'S HERE. IT'S HERE. IT'S HERE.
SOMEBODY PROPHESY it's here.
>> It's not coming.
STOP SAYING IT'S COMING.
>> Come on, somebody shout it's here. Turn
to your neighbor, say, "It's here. It's
here. It's here."
>> Man, my my wife started praying like
that. And so what she would do is she'd
come and just throw herself on the
altar. She saw where if you're going to
get the fire of God, there's got to be
flesh on the altar. How many y'all
believe that?
>> It's got to be a sacrifice, doesn't
there? It's got to be it. And so, so she
would come and just literally she she'd
lead worship. Still leads worship, but
but she would come and lay on the altar.
She started training the whole worship
team. Come and lay on the altar. And
anytime you walk through the sanctuary
in our church, almost on any given day,
you might find multiple people laying on
the altar. Sometimes they just walk
through middle of the day, it's Tuesday,
they'd stop just to kind of stop one
second, bow down, and then go on and do
what they needed to do. Sometimes they'd
lay there for hours praying and looking
for the glory of God. Come on. How many
y'all think we ought to get to the
altar? How many y'all think the effect
of fervent prayer of a righteous man or
woman avails much? How many y'all think
if my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from the wicked ways, come on, I will
hear from heaven if you repent and I
will come and heal your land. Does
anybody believe if two or more touch on
anything under heaven, God's going to do
it with us. How many believe if we abide
in him and his word abides in in us that
we're going to ask what we desire and he
will do it. By this, my father is
glorified that you might bear much
fruit. So, they're in there praying. I
really wasn't even a part of this. I was
ticked off at the time, but they're all
praying and they prayed and this
daughter of mine was getting ready to go
to college and Jesse prayed, "God, don't
you don't you let that girl go to
college without her seeing one of the
greatest outpourings in the history of
the American church." Here's what
happened. One Sunday, I'm up on a Sunday
morning and I'm up just doing my thing,
going to church. I've come in. I'm on
the front row. Jesse's leading worship
and the team's up there and they're
doing their thing and all of a sudden
she stops and she stops all the music.
She says, "I got to stop. I got a word
from the Lord." She shuts the plane,
right? Lands the plane, takes the mic
and says, "I have a word from the Lord
for you. I'm supposed to tell somebody
out there. I'm supposed to prophesy.
YOU'LL LIVE AND NOT DIE AND YOU'LL
DECLARE the works of the Lord." And I'm
on the front row and I'm drinking a a
coffee and I'm looking at her. I'm like,
"Well, that's a good scripture, but I
wouldn't have shut the whole church
service down to say it right now is what
I'm thinking." And how many of y'all can
communicate with your uh spouse
telepathically? She knows what I'm
thinking. She's looking at me. She's
like, "You're wrong, Gibson. You're
you're wrong right now." And I'm like,
"No, you're wrong, woman." She's like,
"No, you're wrong and you're stupid."
And I'm like, "No, no, no. You're wrong
and you're stupid and you're wrong
again." Right? So, we're we're having
like this kid, you know, you know you
are, but so am I. Right? That kind of
thing. Uh we're doing that and I'm I'm
thinking well that word doesn't you know
it's a great word but I wouldn't have
done that. And seven minutes later seven
eight minutes later up in the balcony a
guy drops dead.
How many y'all think that word you'll
live and not die declare the works of
the Lord. It means something now doesn't
it? When the bodies hit the floor we're
broadcasting to three other locations.
Dead body in the balcony. All the
medical people ran to the person working
on them. They're like as pulse of spotty
now it's gone. They're working. They're
doing all their thing. People are
praying. We shut the thing down. We quit
preaching. Have all three campuses
praying. Come on. The effective fervent
prayer of a righteous man or woman. It
avails much. Finally, after about eight
or nine, 10 minutes of them working, I
walk up to the balcony and I'm like,
"What's going on?" They're like, "It's
not good. We got no pulse up here. It
It's a bad situation." I walk up and I
look at the guy and this guy, I'm not a
walking Cleveland Clinic on a scale to
one to dead. I don't know how dead he
was, but he looked pretty dead to me.
That's all I'm saying. So, I look at
this guy laying there and I I say,
"Listen, y'all got to let me through to
the medical people. I'm going to pray."
And I step up and I say this. I agree
with what was prophesied. I declare you
will live and not die. And you will
declare the works of the Lord. I REBUKE
DEATH AND I COMMAND LIFE INTO YOU. AND
WHENEVER I SAID LIFE, ALL OF A SUDDEN
THAT BROTHER'S eyes popped open. HE
SUCKED AIR INTO HIS LUNGS. Come on,
SOMEBODY. THE MAN SAT UP. HIS HEART
STARTED PUMPING AGAIN. HE GOT up in
FRONT OF THE WHOLE CHURCH. HE STOOD UP
AND HE SAID, "I'M FINE. COME ON. GOD'S
GOING TO BUILD HIS CHURCH. GOD'S GOING
TO GIVE US REVIVAL. GOD'S GOING TO RAISE
THE DEAD." HEY, I HEAR THE SOUND OF AN
ABUNDANCE. I said, I HEAR THE SOUND OF
AN ABUNDANCE. I hear the sound of an
abundance
>> of rain. Can I get an amen?
Man, I'm telling you, that guy got up.
They took him to the hospital and uh his
kids were there and grandkids were there
at the hospital. I went after church and
I walked in and he said, "You know,
listen, I I almost I felt bad this
morning." And I almost didn't come to
church. And but something told me I had
to be there today. And I said to all the
kids and grandkids, I want y'all to get
this message that if you don't come to
church, you die. Right? He would have
been by himself. He'd be dead because he
didn't come to church. Look at your
neighbor and say, "Come to church or
die." Just tell them that. That's the
That's the word of the Lord, is in it,
pastor. Come to church or die.
And and like this this you would think
something like that would have kicked
off a massive revival where people just
were flowing in every day, but it
didn't. Right? Church went back to the
same for about a month. Well, I'm like,
come on. What else can we do for you?
We've raised the dead. I mean, come on.
It's like Jesus is like, I played a
durge for you. You didn't wail. I played
a song. You didn't dance. We raised the
dead. What? Are you not entertained,
right? Like, where are the people is
what I'm thinking. And like like about a
month later, we had this conference and
um I had four of my preacher friends in
there with me. You know, Pastor Shane
Warren, Pastor Shane Warren was with me
that night. Me and another pastor from
Alaska and Jesse were sitting on the
front row and strange things had already
started happening around the church,
stuff I'd never seen before, like crazy
stuff. and and and we're sitting in this
atmosphere kind of like this like the
anticipation in this room right now.
>> You know, if you'll provoke it, you can
have a move of God in here.
>> I said if you'll provoke it,
>> if you'll provoke it, you can have a
move of God in here.
>> If you'll provoke it,
I provoke the move
in Jesus NAME.
>> IF YOU'LL PROVOKE IT, YOU CAN HAVE A
MOVE OF GOD.
>> I SAID IF YOU'LL PROVOKE IT, YOU CAN
HAVE A MOVE OF GOD.
IF YOU'LL PROVOKE IT, YOU CAN HAVE A
MOVE OF GOD.
>> Come on. DON'T STOP IF YOU'LL PROVOKE
IT.
I hear the sound. I HEAR THE SOUND. I
HEAR THE SOUND. I HEAR THE SOUND. I HEAR
THE SOUND. I HEAR THE SOUND. I HEAR THE
SOUND.
>> I hear the sound.
Lift your hands and receive. Receive.
Receive the glory of God.
Yay.
I hear the sound. I hear the sound. I
hear the sound.
Come on, lift your hands a little
higher. The glory of the Lord's coming
in here.
>> I said the glory of the Lord's coming in
here.
Lift it up and receive it. The glory of
the Lord. The glory of the Lord.
The glory of the Lord. The glory of the
Lord.
Some of y'all want to hit this altar.
Y'all to hit this altar right now. The
glory of the Lord's coming into this.
>> We provoke a move of God. We provoke a
move of God. We provoke. We provoke for
our sons and our daughters. FOR OUR SONS
AND OUR DAUGHTERS, for our sons and our
daughters, for our generations.
We provoke, we provoke, we provoke, we
provoke.
>> I hear the sound.
I hear the sound. I hear the sound.
God's breaking the back of cancer in
some families right now. Cancer in some
F GOD'S BREAKING THE BACK OF CANCER.
CANCER. CANCER. YOU HAVE TO LEAVE THEIR
BODIES.
RAAKA. RABAKA. RABBAKA. RABBAKA.
I want to be careful, Bishop. I don't
want to mess anything up.
>> Come on. Come on. Keep it. Keep it up.
KEEP GOING. CRY OUT. CRY OUT. Cry out.
Cry out. Cry out.
Listen,
that night we were in an atmosphere like
this.
Anything could happen in this
atmosphere.
I'm standing in the habit all the all of
a sudden something physically starts
touching me.
I turn around and there's nothing there.
I mean I'm like what is that? Right? I I
think somebody's messing with me. I turn
back around and I'm worshiping the Lord
and all of a sudden something touches me
on the back again. Nothing there. One of
my pastor friends standing beside me,
Pastor Daniel Brackett, largest church
house in the state of Alaska. He turns
around. He jumps and he says, "Gibson,
something is touching me." It's like
something's touching me and I can't see
it. All right. Jesse jumps beside me.
She says, "Honey, there's something
touching me and there's nothing here."
Said, "I think it might be angels is
what she said." Right? Then, Pastor
Shane Warren is up in the pull pit and
he stops and he turns around all four of
us. He said, "An angel or something just
physically touched me in this house."
And all of a sudden, the glory of the
Lord swept into that house unlike
anything we've ever had in 20some years
of ministry. And all of a sudden, eyes
started popping open. Come on. Deaf ears
started hearing. The lame started
walking. Miracles popped off for ABOUT A
YEAR. EVERY KIND OF miracle you could
imagine happened in our church. CANCER
SET FREE. HEART DEFECTS HEALED. Come on.
People that were in wheelchairs started
walking because the glory of the Lord
came into that place.
I'm telling you,
if you'll provoke a move of God right
now,
you can have the same thing.
I said, if you'll provoke this move of
God,
I'll tell you what, I want to release
this revival anointing. God turned our
church upside down. We saw the dead
raised not just once, but two times in
front of the entire congregation
two times with cardiac nurses and
somebody else there working saying
they're gone. Come on. And people got
back up after prayer after like 20
minutes because our God is the the the
resurrection. Can I get an amen? Come
on. How many y'all believe Jesus is the
resurrection?
Here's what I want you to do. I want you
to hit this altar now. I'm going to
release this thing right now. I'm going
to release this anointing over you. This
revival anointing. Go ahead and come.
Those of you that want to receive it
right now, we're going to pray over you.
And I'm telling you what, the anointing
of God's going to saturate this place.
It's a night of difference and a night
of change.
You will never again doubt God's desire
to bless you. When you get my latest
book, 101 Prosperity Confessions, you're
going to learn how to align your mouth
with heaven's economy and unlock the
blessings of God. For too long, we've
been propagandized by a poverty
mentality. And it's time for the body of
Christ to rise up to receive the wealth
transfer and understand what God has
promised from his word. So allow me if
you will to take you through this
devotional. 101 days of scripture,
devotion, and confession that will renew
your mind, transform your life, and help
us as a church advance the kingdom. Get
your copy of 101 Prosperity Confessions
today and align your mouth with heaven's
economy.